Sister, it's really you
What's your trouble?
His eyes were hurt
Both hands and palms were also picked off
His throat was badly injured.
The words are not very clear
What? Who did?
Who did it? Who did it?
Is your mastermind behind the scenes
William
William, this happened a year ago
You were deceived by William
He's not one of your allies
He has been using
Understand? Impossible
That's not possible.
See you again.
William
You heard what we said just now
You cross
We have conquered
You dream that our dragon shadow power is incomparably powerful
Will defeat you
You two listen to me
Make him speechless
Hands can't write
Can't reveal our secrets
Take it off
The chairperson will deceive that liar
I actually helped frame my sister's enemy
I'm so stupid I'm not human
O Lord God of War, I beg you to save my sister
I am willing to die to apologize
You don't have to.
What a useless thing